feat: supports link header (#4785)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/14-configuration.md

				// ...
			}
		},

> 		link_header: false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		linkHeader: false,
```

Reviewer: this should be moved so that it's in alphabetical order

> When `mode` is `'auto'`, SvelteKit will use nonces for dynamically rendered pages and hashes for prerendered pages. Using nonces with prerendered pages is insecure and therefore forbidden.

> # link_header

Reviewer 2: this should be `linkHeader` since it's exposed externally. we use camelCase for external APIs and snake_case for internal APIs

> # link_header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# linkHeader
```

Reviewer: Also, this section should be moved — everything else is in alphabetical order

> When `true` the server will inject a `Link: </my-files.js>; rel=preload` header defined by [MDN Link](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Link). This can be used to let the browser know about modulepreloads before the html is parsed.
> 
> > Cloudflare with [Early Hits](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cache/about/early-hints) enabled can then further optimize this by fetching these assets as it flies through the edge.

Reviewer: I don't think it's worth mentioning early hints here — since we return the response body along with the headers, I'd be very surprised if early hints offers anything over and above a `Link` header with an ordinary response

```suggestion
When `true` the server will inject a [`Link` header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Link). This can be used to let the browser eagerly fetch essential resources before the HTML is parsed.
```
